In this and the next video, I will introduce you to objects to classes and object oriented programming.
Now, object oriented programming and classes are not unique or specific to the PyTorch library.
But if you work in PyTorch, you are going to be using classes quite a lot.
So therefore, I decided to include these two videos in this PyTorch section.
Anyway, what I want to do before coding is introduce you to two terms that will come up very often
in when working with classes and instances of classes.
So one is attribute and the other is method.
Now an attribute is basically like a variable.
And a method is basically like a function.
These are not formal definitions.
It's not exactly this equivalence.
But this is what I would like you to keep in mind when you are working with and creating classes and
instances.
So instances of classes have attributes.
Those are kind of like variables.
And they also have methods.
And those are kind of like functions.
Okay.
So it turns out that you have been working with classes and instances objects all throughout this Python
tutorial.
So far I just haven't been using those terms.
So one example is a list.
So you are already familiar with a list.
We have created and worked with many lists so far.
And so it turns out that a list is actually a class in Python.
So when I type L equals list and in this case I'm just inputting also list.
So it's actually a little bit redundant.
But it just highlights the idea that I will illustrate later about creating classes.
So when we create an instance of this list this is giving us an object that has a lot of properties.
So attributes and methods from this particular class called list.
Okay.
So now we can write dir.
Dir for directory comes from directory from Linux terminology L.
And this is going to give us a list of all of the properties of this instance.
So all of the attributes and methods of this instance and some of these I already introduced you to
like append and uh, count.
I think I'd also used and some of these other ones I haven't yet uh, introduced you to.
Okay.
So how to access these properties of objects that you have also already seen before and use the dot
symbol, uh, the, the period after the variable name.
So l dot let's do reverse.
Let me do this.
So print L and then L dot reverse and then I will print out L again.
Okay.
So now we have from this line here it prints out the list 123.
And now I use a method.
And you know that this is a method on an object, partly because of the period and also partly because
of the parentheses.
So it's a lot like a function.
Okay.
And what does this do.
Obviously it reverses the order of the list.
So then I print it out again and we get 321.
And now I could reverse it again.
And let me see.
Uh this is what I wanted to do.
Print L so now I reverse it again and it gets reversed.
Okay.
So I keep reversing it back and forth, but let's, uh, let me redefine it up here, and then we can
see it goes forwards, and then I reverse it and then I reverse it again, which means it goes forward
again from the beginning.
Okay.
There's another method called append.
And let's append a 99 and that adds a 99 on it okay.
So the idea is that we have an instance of a class.
And then we can access properties of this instance using the period.
And then we can apply.
In this case I've shown you a few different methods.
And methods are like functions that act upon the variable over here.
And this particular one is called append.
And I give it the input of 99.
And then it appends the the element 99.
Okay.
So that is a very brief introduction to classes and methods and attributes.
In the next video we are going to create our very own class.
And I think that will really hit the point home about what classes are and how to work with them.